FHIR Test Case Generator: Full-Stack Solution
Objective
Build a rich, modern full-stack application that allows users to upload a FHIR mapping CSV, sends the contents to a FastAPI backend powered by Google Vertex AI, and visualizes the generated test cases in a beautiful JSON viewer—all with a best-in-class user experience.

User Journey
User Interface:

User sees a visually appealing web page with a title, brief instruction, and a CSV upload section.

User selects or drags a CSV mapping file (e.g., HL7/CCDA to FHIR mapping).

User clicks an Upload button to submit the file.

While processing, the UI shows a loading/progress indicator.

When complete, the resulting JSON (including test cases and statistical summary) is rendered interactively for easy analysis.

Backend:

Receives the CSV mapping content from the UI via a REST POST JSON payload.

Passes this to a Google Vertex AI-powered agent to generate comprehensive FHIR test case JSON.

Returns the output JSON directly in the HTTP response.

JSON Visualization:

Results are rendered using an expandable/collapsible, pretty JSON viewer with Material UI look and feel.

Supports copy, expand/collapse, dark/light mode, etc.

Features and Technical Requirements
React Frontend
Material UI for all design and components (inputs, buttons, cards, progress, typography).

File input (CSV), upload button, and filename display.

Submit CSV as text (not as FormData/file upload) in a JSON payload.

Use Axios (or fetch) for HTTP calls.

Responsive layout for desktop and mobile.

Snackbar/toast for errors and feedback.

Use @textea/json-viewer for result rendering.

Clear separation of UI logic into components (FileUpload, JsonResultViewer, etc).

Theming (primary/secondary palette, custom typography).

Instructions and user guidance included.

FastAPI Backend
Expose a POST /generate_test_cases endpoint that expects:

{ "csv_mapping": <str>, "batch_number": <str>, "user_id": <str> }

Calls into a Python function using Vertex AI to generate JSON output from the CSV.

Returns JSON (with both TestCases array and StatisticalSummary object).

Enable CORS for frontend requests.

Input/Output Example
Input:
User uploads a file containing FHIR attribute mappings in CSV (as per backend specification).

Output:
JSON with an array of test cases and a statistical summary, rendered in an interactive viewer on the page.

Quality Bar
The UI must look professional and be lovable to use: logo, color, and surface details should be thought through.

Error handling must be robust and actionable for users.

The JSON viewer must be visually rich and interactive, not just plain text.

The entire flow from upload to result must be fast and user-friendly.

Deliverables
React app (folder structure and code) as described, ready to npm start.

Backend (FastAPI) sample endpoint with low configuration barrier, ready for local run.

Deployment/readme guide for both front and backend integration and running.

Extended Considerations
Future enhancement: allow history of results or download of the JSON.

Support for additional file validation (CSV only).

Light/dark material theme toggle.

Summary:
Create a visually impressive, well-engineered React + FastAPI app to let users upload mapping files, invoke Vertex AI to generate FHIR test case JSON, and display the result in a modern, interactive JSON viewer with all UI best practices.

